In this lecture, I'm going to demonstrate the code that we need in order to interact with the Microsoft
Edge browser.
So I'm going to open up the clips and I am going to highlight the Chrome demo class that I used in the
previous lectures, and I'm going to press Control C and Control V to copy and paste it.
I'm then going to provide a new class name and I'm going to call this.
Edge demo and then I'm going to click, okay.
And that will create the class.
If I double click that new class, it will open up.
And this is the code from the Chrome demo class.
So what we required in order to open up the Chrome browser.
So I'm going to need to make some changes to this.
So I'm going to have to change the key from Chrome to Edge.
Like so.
And I'm also going to need to point to a different driver.
So instead of chrome driver, this is now going to point to.
If you look in the driver V one folder, the message driver.
So if I go back to my code, I'm going to replace chrome driver with message driver.
And also needs a change on the second line.
Web driver driver equals new and instead of chrome driver, I'm going to change this to edge driver.
I'll need to import that by highlighting it.
One says imported.
You'll see that there is a reference to the chrome driver class, which we can remove.
So that just leaves the edge driver and the Web driver imports.
So I'm then going to say this class and I'm going to do this by pressing control s on my keyboard.
We are then able to start running this.
So I'm going to right click the Class Runners job application and see what happens.
You can see the Microsoft Edge browser has opened up and it's gone to the automation testing website.
So this proves that by making those simple code amendments, we can interact with the Microsoft Edge
browser.
I hope you found this lecture useful.
Thank you for watching.